this will go down as the worst foreign
policy decision in American history
the President of the United States has
greenlit an incursion by turkey into
Syria
he ordered our troops out of the way and
greenlit an attack on allies who have
fought and died beside American soldiers
for 15 years that started with air
operations followed shortly by ground
operations with Turkish backed militants
committing atrocities on the side of the
road the Kurds are our greatest ally in
the Middle East and the Kurds they're
not even a country it's an ethnic group
they don't have a country these are
volunteers he sold him out he betrayed
them openly and publicly in the past we
have sold them out but we did it
tactfully we just didn't help or didn't
help much or undermine them via economic
methods this time we're actively
encouraging and cheering on the invasion
of their homes when his base dutifully
defended him he had to do it because
Turkey was going to attack yeah I mean
it sounds good but the reality is when
they say that they know Turkey made them
US military move come on it's the u.s.
mo had to move for anybody
certainly not Turkey
we're seeing the fallout when the
President of the United States moved a
small number of US forces out of the way
to a different location in Syria so
turkey could invade how it started
that started with air operations
followed shortly by ground operations
with Turkish backed militants committing
atrocities on the side of the road this
drove the Kurds firmly into the arms of
Russia who was waiting with open arms
because they are the most powerful
non-state actor in the Middle East they
will remain in Russia's arms for decades
to come
Russian and Syrian troops quickly
advanced to fill that power vacuum into
what positions that were held by US
forces happens so quickly it's almost
like they knew it was coming and when
those Turkish troops pour across that
border the Kurds are going to need more
troops because a lot of theirs are tired
of doing silly things right now like
guarding suspected is fighters but when
those facilities become undermanned they
likelihood a jailbreak increases
exponentially and they'll have help from
the outside because contrary to what the
president has said that side is not
defeated they're still out there
but hey once they're back out well
that'll give good clear pretext for the
u.s. to go back in in force is staged a
series of jail breaks to get their
comrades out and they are probably now
stronger than when President Trump took
office
but hey and we got slogans we got
campaign talking points ending the war
we ended the war by expanding its scope
and adding a new stream of fresh
combatants
into US imperialism because when Turkey
and the u.s. got together and decided
how best to carve up a chunk of a third
country that was anti-imperialism which
there was a word for that kind of action
I'm pretty sure it's imperialism
before we get to that we need to go
through some background information the
term Special Forces gets misused a lot
in the United States SEALs are not
special forces Rangers are not Special
Forces Special Forces means Green Berets
said those are the only people who are
Special Forces they they teach they've
weaponized education they are
instructors they train indigenous and
local forces how to stand on their own
he had some us to say he expressed
expressed his displeasure with senior
command and the Commander in Chief's
decision he referred to it as insanity
he used the term atrocities and he said
they were happening these guys do this
all over the world in very hostile
environments what most of us would
consider something that falls under that
term that's just part of it these are
not men known for hyperbole that term
and that it's happening we as the
American people need to be ready for
that because when the photos or footage
shows up don't look away because we did
it we did it because we have allowed our
government to get out of control we have
put too much power in the executive
branch it would not surprise me to learn
that the US Army's most elite unit at
least elements within it decided to give
a single finger salute to the commander
in chief and disregard his order
especially if they witnessed an atrocity
would not surprise me to find out that
they engaged the advancing forces
and we need to be ready to defend their
actions
so I was sitting with a recently
separated veteran just got out
when they heard the news and they got to
watch the President of the United States
the commander-in-chief brag and boast
about accepting payment to deploy US
military forces overseas the might of
the US military well it's on the market
it can be bought the lives of US
soldiers can be bought and sold it
doesn't matter and the US military is
now viewed throughout the Middle East as
Saudi Arabia's do-boy that's how this
reads we're the hired help
US servicemen have been bought and sold
for a very very long time
just normally not done this cheaply
there's normally something in it for the
American people something that could be
cast as a benefit to them now this time
that's just money we're sending them
over there because the paid us the
Department of Defense has become the
world's largest private military
contractor
it's been a lot of buzzwords
gets thrown around bring him home it was
never about bringing him home
it was never about bringing him home
well he's just getting rid of those
foreign entanglements yeah how does that
working out for you no he's not he's
never objective of his was
anti-imperialism no it was was making a
hole so Turkey could exercise their
imperialist ambitions and now the US
military has become the hired goon of
Saudi Arabia's imperialist ambitions but
we got talking points we got slogans
ended the war anti-imperialism sounds
good but none of that's happening the
only thing that's happening over there
right now is waste waste probably gonna
be a lot of it maybe we should thank
trump though guess he certainly pulled
the veil back let everybody see what it
is because it's always been like this
it's always been about money and power
war is just a continuation of politics
by other means right it has always been
like this
the difference is before it could be
cloaked in the defense of American
freedom it was harder to cast US
soldiers as mercenaries not anymore
they're literally being bought Wars a
racket always has been it is possibly
the oldest easily the most profitable
surely the most vicious it's the only
one that's international in scope and
it's the only one profits are reckoned
in dollars and losses in lives pretty
unpatriotic statement right y'all can
hold your hate mail that was a guy named
general Butler and before you get too
angry he's one of the most decorated
Marines in history received the Medal of
Honor twice
we've got a moment of truth coming the
American people I had a feeling we're
gonna have to look at what we've done
and it mirrors what we've done all over
the world this is probably the time to
address it this is the time to commit to
the idea that we are not going to use
and abuse indigenous forces like this
and to just hang them out to dry when
it's politically expedient
anyway it's just a thought
you know I have a good night